Hey, everyone, so in this section of the course, we're going to be updating the app to be visually
more pleasant.
Think of it this way.
Think of it like we have the app over here and we have all of our code and the company meals to go.
They went and they hired a designer and the designer comes in and they start clicking around the app.
They start trying to order things.
They go through and try out the app left, right and center, and then they get angry.
They're like, this is inconsistent.
What is this color pattern and why is there orange and blue?
What is going on here?
And you're sitting there and you're thinking to yourself, oh, my God, I'm going to have to rebuild
the entire app.
And so the designer goes away and puts together some design recommendations for us.
And we look over them and we realize to ourselves, huh?
I built this app.
Pretty amazingly, because all of these changes that they're proposing, I can do them fairly easily,
and so you pat yourself on the back and you think to yourself, well.
I wrote my code while I structured my code well, I have a theme and all of the criticism is basically
on small visual changes that we can tweak within a day.
And that's when, you know, you've built an application that can scale because you can make those changes
easily.
And so let's go through some of those changes.